---
title: New site idea!
date: 2023-09-09 10:00:00 -500
categories: [other, general]
tags: [misc]
---

# New website idea!
### my plan
I plan to make a website that hosts all of dusk and rain and ant softworks domains similar to how google has "docs.google.com" as a sub domain
the domain of choice I won't say yet until everything is setup and the tooling I wont list other than it will likely be hosted on plex.
## features 
the features will be the following: 

* helpdesk! (OS-ticket)
* ftp! (updog)
* forums! (discourse)
* central hub for all of our software!
## why one domain?
using one domain allows us too limit the amount of subscription or progressive costs from our budget, one domain is required and only needs renewed once a year
this make things easier with the only thing that will increase cost being adding disks for storage, it also allows users of our products to have a somewhat similar location for software
instead of having to type in a another website in to find some of our pre-hosted products all people have to do is enter the product name as the subdomain and our main domain and they can now begin using the tool or service
this also makes administration easier as the cybersecurity branch (breakingrain) only has so many qualified and ready to work security engineers, all of them will have access to the administration panel and features within it making 
security and monitoring easier and less of a hassel.
## budget issues...
our services are known to go down from time to time or be full-out broken upon launch... we know this and we try our best to fix and prioritize user experience first, though with a small budget as we are a small studio
keeping billing conistant can be a challange and outages could be possible, service outages related to the hosting provider also can happen, though we will try our best to keep all systems on line!
